README.md, before:

# Star News
First assignment in PHP class @ YRGO.

## Table of Contents
- [Assignment instructions](#Assignment-instructions)
- [Screenshots](#Screenshots)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Tested by](#Tested-by)
- [Code review](#Code-review)

# 

## Assignment instructions

### Create a news feed in PHP. 

The news feed should contain:
- Title
- Content
- Author
- Published date
- Like counter

The project can only contain HTML, CSS, PHP and JavaScript. 

#

## Installation

- Clone repository by running the command below in your Terminal.
- ```$ git clone git@github.com:oaflindberg/StarNews.git```
- Navigate to the folder using your Terminal. Start PHP server from the folder by running the command below.
- ```php -S localhost:1337```



## Screenshots

### Desktop view

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/6fJR048.png" width="100%">

### Mobile view

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Q5poYa6.png" width="50%">

#

## Tested by

### Andreas Lindberg
Tested in browsers: 
- Firefox
- Safari
- Brave 


#


## Code Review

Commit message:

Updated README.md with testers and code review

README.md, after:

# Star News
First assignment in PHP class @ YRGO.

## Table of Contents
- [Assignment instructions](#Assignment-instructions)
- [Screenshots](#Screenshots)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Tested by](#Tested-by)
- [Code review](#Code-review)

# 

## Assignment instructions

### Create a news feed in PHP. 

The news feed should contain:
- Title
- Content
- Author
- Published date
- Like counter

The project can only contain HTML, CSS, PHP and JavaScript. 

#

## Installation

- Clone repository by running the command below in your Terminal.
- ```$ git clone git@github.com:oaflindberg/StarNews.git```
- Navigate to the folder using your Terminal. Start PHP server from the folder by running the command below.
- ```php -S localhost:1337```



## Screenshots

### Desktop view

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/6fJR048.png" width="100%">

### Mobile view

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Q5poYa6.png" width="50%">

#

## Tested by

- Andreas Lindberg
- Oskar Joss
- Thomas Sönnerstam


#


## Code Review

- Likes under $articles doesn't seem to have a purpose.
- Lacking descripiton of script in script.js.
- Might be clearer to use publishDate instead of published.
- Article content could be in a separate file for better overview.
- Would be nice with some comments in style.css to see what style belongs to which part of the site more easily.

*Code review by: Alexander Gustafsson Flink*
